a surge of pride
abhorrence
admiration
adoration
adrenaline rush
aesthetic appreciation
affection
aggression
agitation
agony
alarm
alertness
alienation
amazement
amused elation
amused embarrassment
amusement
anger
angry contempt
angry disgust
angry pain
angry surprise
anguish
animosity
annoyance
anticipation
anxiety
apathy
appreciation
arousal
astonishment
attentiveness
attraction
awe
awestruck realization
awestruck surprise
awkwardness
bafflement
basking
befuddlement
bewilderment
bitterness
bliss
blushing
boiling with anger
boldness
bone-chilling terror
boredom
brotherly love
butterflies in stomach
calmness
camaraderie
captivation
caring
caution
certainty
challenge
charm
cheer
cheerfulness
childlike curiosity
chills down spine
choking up
chuckling
cold sweats
comfort
commitment to someone
compassion
concentration
concern
confidence
confusion
contemplation
contemplative interest
contempt
contemptuous doubt
contentment
courage
crankiness
craving
cringing
crying
crying tears of joy
curiosity
cynicism
dark humor
daze
dedication
deep concentration
deep contemplation
deep focus
deep relief
defeat
defensiveness
defiance
dejection
delight
demoralization
depression
desire
desire to approach
desire to avoid
desolation
despair
desperation
despising someone
despondency
detachment
determination
detestation
devastation
devotion
disagreement
disappointment
disapproval
disbelief
discomfort
discontentment
discouragement
disdain
disenchantment
disgrace
disgruntlement
disgust
disgusted contempt
disgusted surprise
dishonor
disillusionment
disinterest
dislike
dismay
displeasure
dissatisfaction
distaste
distraction
distress
distressful confusion
distressful sympathy
distrust
divine inspiration
dizziness
dominance
doubt
dread
drowsiness
dumbfoundedness
eagerness
earnestness
ecstasy
ecstatic desire
edginess
egotism
elation
elevation
embarrassed relief
embarrassment
empathic pain
empowerment
emptiness
enchantment
enjoyment
enthusiasm
entrancement
envy
epiphany
euphoria
excitement
exhaustion
exhilaration
existential dread
expectancy
extreme anger
extreme awe
extreme disappointment
extreme disgust
extreme distress
extreme doubt
extreme embarrassment
extreme fear
extreme happiness
extreme interest
extreme pleasure
extreme sadness
extreme shame
extreme surprise
exuberance
fascination
fatigue
fear
fear of missing out
fearful anger
fearful awe
fearful disgust
fearful surprise
fearlessness
feeling absorbed
feeling active
feeling alone
feeling anguished
feeling antipathy
feeling appalled
feeling appreciated
feeling apprehensive
feeling at ease
feeling attacked
feeling bashful
feeling belittled
feeling betrayed
feeling bittersweet
feeling blameworthy
feeling blue
feeling bored to tears
feeling burdened
feeling caged
feeling cheated
feeling competitive
feeling cool
feeling coy
feeling creeped out
feeling crushed
feeling daring
feeling deceived
feeling delirious
feeling disheartened
feeling disinhibited
feeling disoriented
feeling distraught
feeling dominant
feeling downhearted
feeling dreamy
feeling dreary
feeling dull
feeling dumb
feeling emasculated
feeling empty
feeling energetic
feeling engaged
feeling engrossed
feeling excluded
feeling fearless
feeling fidgety
feeling flirtatious
feeling flustered
feeling foggy
feeling free
feeling grossed out
feeling heartened
feeling hollow
feeling horny
feeling hurt
feeling ignored
feeling important
feeling impressed
feeling in control
feeling inhibited
feeling inquisitive
feeling insecure
feeling insulted
feeling intimidated
feeling intrigued
feeling invincible
feeling irritable
feeling isolated
feeling jaded
feeling jittery
feeling lazy
feeling let down
feeling liberated
feeling lively
feeling lost
feeling loved
feeling mad
feeling mischievous
feeling mortified
feeling naughty
feeling obstructed
feeling offended
feeling oppressed
feeling out of place
feeling overjoyed
feeling overwhelmed
feeling perplexed
feeling petrified
feeling pissed off
feeling powerful
feeling pumped
feeling ready
feeling reassured
feeling refreshed
feeling repentant
feeling revitalized
feeling safe
feeling satiated
feeling scared
feeling secretive
feeling sexy
feeling shaky
feeling silly
feeling small
feeling smart
feeling sorry
feeling startled
feeling stimulated
feeling strong
feeling stuck
feeling stunned
feeling subdued
feeling taken aback
feeling threatened
feeling thwarted
feeling timid
feeling torn
feeling trapped
feeling tricked
feeling unappreciated
feeling unobstructed
feeling unready
feeling unsafe
feeling uplifted
feeling upset
feeling used
feeling valued
feeling violated
feeling vulnerable
feeling weak
feeling worn out
fierce loyalty
flinching
focus
fondness
forgiveness
freezing with terror
frustration
fulfillment
fuming
fury
giddiness
giddy anticipation
giggling
gladness
glee
gloating
gloom
glory
going ballistic
goosebumps
gratification
gratitude
great triumph
grief
grimacing
grit
grouchiness
grudging respect
grumpiness
guilt
guilty joy
guilty pleasure
happiness
happy disgust
happy surprise
hate
hatred
having fun
heart sinking
heartache
heartbreak
heavenly bliss
helplessness
hesitancy
hesitation
high spirits
honor
hope
hopelessness
horror
hostility
humiliation
humor
hunger
hysterical laughter
ill temper
impatience
inadequacy
indecision
indifference
indignation
inferiority
insight
inspiration
intense desire
interest
interested confusion
intimacy
invigoration
irony
irritation
jealousy
joking
joy
lack of focus
laughter
lightheadedness
loathing
loneliness
longing
love
loving sympathy
low spirits
loyalty
lust
marveling
maternal love
melancholy
mild joy
misery
mistrust
moral repugnance
mournfulness
mystification
nausea
nervous breakdown
nervous laughter
nervousness
nirvana
nonchalance
nostalgia
not feeling in control
numbness
optimism
orgasm
out-of-body experience
outrage
overexcitement
pain
panic
panic attack
paranoia
passion
patriotism
peacefulness
pensiveness
perseverance
pessimism
pity
playfulness
pleasant surprise
pleasure
pondering
powerlessness
pride
pride in country
pride in family
pride in self
profound disapproval
puzzlement
queasiness
rage
rapture
realization
redemption
regret
rejuvenation
relaxation
releasing tension
relief
relieved contentment
relishing
reluctance
reminiscence
remorse
repugnance
resentment
resignation
respect
restlessness
reverence
revulsion
righteous indignation
romance
romantic jealousy
romantic love
rumination
sad anger
sad disgust
sad fear
sad surprise
sadness
sarcasm
satiation of hunger
satiation of thirst
satisfaction
savoring
scorn
seething hatred
self-anger
self-confidence
self-consciousness
self-disgust
self-dissatisfaction
self-doubt
self-loathing
self-love
self-pity
sense of agreement
sense of belonging
sense of failure
sense of fairness
sense of flourishing
sense of improvement
sense of inertia
sense of injustice
sense of justice
sense of mystery
sense of narrow escape
sense of security
sense of unfairness
sensory pleasure
serenity
severe pain
sexual arousal
sexual desire
sexual frustration
sexual gratification
sexual tension
shame
sheepishness
shock
shuddering
shyness
skepticism
sleepiness
sluggishness
smiling
smugness
snarkiness
sneering contempt
social anxiety
solidarity
sorrow
spiritual epiphany
spite
strain
stress
stupor
submissiveness
suffering
sulkiness
sullenness
superiority
surprise
suspicion
sympathy
tearing up laughing
tenderness
tension
terror
thankfulness
thirst
thoughtfulness
thrill
tiredness
torment
torture
tranquility
transcendence
trauma
treasuring the moment
trembling with fear
triumph
triumphant amusement
triumphant anger
trust
turmoil
uncertainty
unease
unhappiness
unspeakable horror
urge to attack
urge to be creative
urge to escape
urge to explore
urge to provide care
urge to provide help
utter contempt
utter despair
utter disbelief
vengefulness
vigor
vindication
vitality
vulnerability
warmth
weakness
weariness
wonder
worry
wrath
yearning
zeal
